.TH CPWD 1 "2024-11-20" "" "cpwd manual"
.SH NAME
cpwd \- Simple Command-Line Password Management Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cpwd
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cpwd
is command-line interface for managing passwords locally.
It securely stores credentials in a
.I .password
file located in the user's home directory.
.SS Security Notes
.IP \[bu] 2
Credentials are stored locally in the user's home directory
.IP \[bu] 2
Users are responsible for securing their home directory
.IP \[bu] 2
Recommended to use with appropriate file permissions
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-create"WEBSITE USERNAME EMAIL PASSWORD"
Create a new password entry. Provide all four parameters in quotes.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-all [NUM]
Display stored credentials.
.RS
.IP \[bu] 2
Without NUM: Shows all entries
.IP \[bu] 2
With NUM: Displays first NUM entries
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-search KEYWORD
Search credentials by matching any field (website, username, email).
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-delete NUM
Delete a credential by the number.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display comprehensive help message and usage instructions.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show current version of cpwd.
.SH FILES
.I ~/.password
Local file storing.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Basic Usage
.nf
.RS
# Create a new credential
cpwd \-c "amazon.com johnsmith john@email.com secretpass123"

# List all credentials
cpwd \-a

# List first 5 credentials
cpwd \-a 5

# Search for GitHub-related credentials
cpwd \-s github

# Delete number third credential
cpwd \-d 3
.RE
.fi
.SH AUTHOR
Ivan Guerreschi <ivan.guerreschi.dev@gmail.com>
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs and issues at: https://github.com/nullzeiger/cpwd/issues
or email.
.SH COPYRIGHT
.SS GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 3, 29 June 2007
.PP
Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. https://fsf.org/
.PP
Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
.SS Preamble
The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.
.PP
The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed
to take away your freedom to share and change the works.  By contrast,
the GNU General Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free
software for all its users.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
.SH "FULL LICENSE"
For the complete GNU General Public License text, visit:
.UR https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
.UE
