\input texinfo
@documentencoding UTF-8

@setfilename cpwd.info
@settitle CPWD Manual
@documentdescription
Simple Command-Line Password Management Tool
@end documentdescription

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2024 Ivan Guerreschi

@noindent
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see @url{https://www.gnu.org/licenses/}.
@end copying

@titlepage
@title CPWD
@subtitle Simple Command-Line Password Management Tool
@author Ivan Guerreschi
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top CPWD Manual

This manual documents CPWD version 1.0, a command-line interface for managing passwords locally.
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Overview::                    Brief description of CPWD
* Security Notes::              Important security considerations
* Options::                     Available command-line options
* Examples::                    Usage examples
* Files::                       Configuration files
* Reporting Bugs::              How to report bugs
* Copyright::                   Copyright and license information
@end menu

@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{cpwd} is a command-line interface for managing passwords locally. It stores credentials in a @file{.password} file located in the user's home directory.

@node Security Notes
@chapter Security Notes

@itemize @bullet
@item Credentials are stored locally in the user's home directory
@item Users are responsible for securing their home directory
@item Recommended to use with appropriate file permissions
@end itemize

@node Options
@chapter Options

@table @option
@item -c, --create "WEBSITE USERNAME EMAIL PASSWORD"
Create a new password entry. Provide all four parameters in quotes.

@item -a, --all [NUM]
Display stored credentials.
@itemize @bullet
@item Without NUM: Shows all entries
@item With NUM: Displays first NUM entries
@end itemize

@item -s, --search KEYWORD
Search credentials by matching any field (website, username, email).

@item -d, --delete NUM
Delete a credential by the number.

@item -h, --help
Display comprehensive help message and usage instructions.

@item -v, --version
Show current version of cpwd.
@end table

@node Examples
@chapter Examples

Here are some basic usage examples:

@example
# Create a new credential
cpwd -c "amazon.com johnsmith john@@email.com secretpass123"

# List all credentials
cpwd -a

# List first 5 credentials
cpwd -a 5

# Search for GitHub-related credentials
cpwd -s github

# Delete number third credential
cpwd -d 3
@end example

@node Files
@chapter Files

@table @file
@item ~/.password
Local file storing credentials.
@end table

@node Reporting Bugs
@chapter Reporting Bugs

Report bugs and issues at: @url{https://github.com/nullzeiger/cpwd/issues}
or email Ivan Guerreschi at @email{ivan.guerreschi.dev@@gmail.com}.

@node Copyright
@chapter Copyright

@insertcopying

For the complete GNU General Public License text, visit:
@url{https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html}

@bye
